Update Generic Webhook and TAXIIServer for EDL (#29356)
demisto/content: Packs/TAXIIServer/Integrations/TAXIIServer/TAXIIServer_description.md

## How to Access the TAXII Service

(For Cortex XSOAR 6.x) Use one of the following options:

- **https://*demisto_address*/instance/execute/*instance_name/taxii-discovery-service**
- **http://*demisto_address*:*listen_port/taxii-discovery-service**

(For Cortex XSOAR 8 and Cortex XSIAM) Use one of the following options:
- **https://ext-<cortex-xsiam-address>/xsoar/instance/execute/<instance-name>/{taxii2_api_endpoint}/**

> - **http://demisto_address:listen_port/{taxii2_api_endpoint}/**

Author: (For Cortex XSOAR 8) Use one of the following options:
   - `https://ext-<XSOAR-tenant>.crtx.<region>.paloaltonetworks.com/xsoar/instance/execute/<instance-name>`
   - **http://xsoar_address:listen_port/{taxii2_api_endpoint}/**
   (For Cortex XSIAM) Use one of the following options:
   - **https://ext-<XSIAM-tenant>.crtx.<region>.paloaltonetworks.com/xsiam/instance/execute/<instance-name>**
   -  **http://xsiam_address:listen_port/{taxii2_api_endpoint}/**

> (For Cortex XSOAR 8 and Cortex XSIAM) Use one of the following options:
> - **https://ext-<cortex-xsiam-address>/xsoar/instance/execute/<instance-name>/{taxii2_api_endpoint}/**
> - **http://demisto_address:listen_port/{taxii2_api_endpoint}/**

Author: ```suggestion
(For Cortex XSOAR 8) Use one of the following options:
https://ext-<XSOAR-tenant>.crtx.<region>.paloaltonetworks.com/xsoar/instance/execute/<instance-name>
http://xsoar_address:listen_port/{taxii2_api_endpoint}/

(For Cortex XSIAM) Use one of the following options:
https://ext-/.crtx..paloaltonetworks.com/xsiam/instance/execute/
http://xsiam_address:listen_port/{taxii2_api_endpoint}/
```

## Access the TAXII Service by Instance Name
To access the TAXII service by instance name, make sure ***Instance execute external*** is enabled. 

1. In Cortex XSOAR, go to **Settings > About > Troubleshooting**.
2. (For Cortex XSOAR 6.x) In the **Server Configuration** section, verify that the ***instance.execute.external*** key is set to *true*. If this key does not exist, click **+ Add Server Configuration** and add the *instance.execute.external* and set the value to *true*.
3. You can now trigger the webhook URL:

   - For Cortex XSOAR 6.x: **<CORTEX-XSOAR-URL>/instance/execute/<INTEGRATION-INSTANCE-NAME>**. For example, https://my.demisto.live/instance/execute/taxiiserver. Note that the string instance does not refer to the name of your XSOAR instance, but rather is part of the URL.

>    - For Cortex XSOAR 8 and Cortex XSIAM: **<ext-<CORTEX-XSOAR-URL>/xsoar/instance/execute/<INTEGRATION-INSTANCE-NAME>**. For example, https://ext-dev-tertius.crtx.us.paloaltonetworks.com/xsoar/instance/execute/taxiiserver1. Note that the string instance does not refer to the name of your XSOAR instance, but rather is part of the URL.

Author: - For Cortex XSOAR 8: **https://ext-<XSOAR-tenant>.crtx.<region>.paloaltonetworks.com/xsoar/instance/execute/<instance-name>**
   - For Cortex XSIAM:  **https://ext-<XSIAM-tenant>.crtx.<region>.paloaltonetworks.com/xsiam/instance/execute/<instance-name>**

(For Cortex XSOAR 8) Use one of the following options:
https://ext-<XSOAR-tenant>.crtx.<region>.paloaltonetworks.com/xsoar/instance/execute/<instance-name>
http://xsoar_address:listen_port/{taxii2_api_endpoint}/

(For Cortex XSIAM) Use one of the following options:
https://ext-/.crtx..paloaltonetworks.com/xsiam/instance/execute/
http://xsiam_address:listen_port/{taxii2_api_endpoint}/

## Access the TAXII Service by Instance Name
To access the TAXII service by instance name, make sure ***Instance execute external*** is enabled. 

1. In Cortex XSOAR, go to **Settings > About > Troubleshooting**.
2. (For Cortex XSOAR 6.x) In the **Server Configuration** section, verify that the ***instance.execute.external*** key is set to *true*. If this key does not exist, click **+ Add Server Configuration** and add the *instance.execute.external* and set the value to *true*.
3. You can now trigger the webhook URL:

   - For Cortex XSOAR 6.x: **<CORTEX-XSOAR-URL>/instance/execute/<INTEGRATION-INSTANCE-NAME>**. For example, https://my.demisto.live/instance/execute/taxiiserver. Note that the string instance does not refer to the name of your XSOAR instance, but rather is part of the URL.

>    - For Cortex XSOAR 8 and Cortex XSIAM: **<ext-<CORTEX-XSOAR-URL>/xsoar/instance/execute/<INTEGRATION-INSTANCE-NAME>**. For example, https://ext-dev-tertius.crtx.us.paloaltonetworks.com/xsoar/instance/execute/taxiiserver1. Note that the string instance does not refer to the name of your XSOAR instance, but rather is part of the URL.

Author: ```suggestion
For Cortex XSOAR 8: https://ext-/.crtx..paloaltonetworks.com/xsoar/instance/execute/
For Cortex XSIAM: https://ext-/.crtx..paloaltonetworks.com/xsiam/instance/execute/
```
